yeah our action so it's good so you have
Mauricio ebony Carson and Andrew these
four players are ready there's so much
on the lines its single nomination or
what let's lose you know they love
another chance and what train is where
are we this is the spirit train give it
the seat like this particular stage has
bball right so think like you need to
stay for Mozgov avianna you know the
strip over from all where you know where
your level is simply you know there
would be other clapper who comes to the
sides and there would be nationally but
that's neither things like that and you
know if it with the moving round it's
going to be like Nick fitting your big
woman and they labor get the ground we
learned a lot of problems obviously
they're gonna stamp race and whose
fighter four is that is that Thun link
dude I think player for is to link it
like so we did not see him at the heat
pre-tournament he wasn't in the way you
virgin that's right they definitely have
a different character 10 different admit
they do so we do 40 miles back happening
right now greninja the kale he opens up
a ninja trapdoor and that's all she
wrote thank you definitely I would not
walk that anymore that's great to the
way there's a number death tolls he's
gotta just pure Taylor son also I mean
you know there's all that's not just
then what's that look like Zelda was
swept away it can definitely not be
anywhere near than a ground that will
promote
so the wind Indians briefed Rawls
there's lots of different strategies you
can avoid it but yes actually design
details and also not have any balls try
not as i read it seems like all of the
players right now our move the frame on
boy had a milk just page does look like
an oval filled it Oh criteria to it
there's so much room to run away Manson
Oh what we do a timer is almost over oh
yun lee shooting gets robbed of his
final smash and that's time oh goodness
to the ticket that's good it's like that
file snatcher put him over right I Vita
find us a lot of it you know a lot of
the character styles